Shut up
Mom, didn't you always want to support Du Feiyun?
Inherit the family business?
I was divorced.
Exactly what you want
Yeah little 8
If Du Chan is returned
Can't you accept his common number logically
Capital? If the marriage is annulled
The Lin family will definitely cling to other families
Make enemies for us
Qingyao's divorce is a big deal
You must think carefully, right?
Blame me for being a little mother
For his usual neglect of discipline
I just did something sorry for you.
Mr. Lin, do you think this is okay?
My Du family is willing to compensate for part of the assets
Let him join your Lin family
What is this saying?
Are you willing to let you enter the Lin family?
I have no problem with that.
As long as Miss Lin is willing
No backbone at all
I don't want people like you to join our Lin family
Ok grandpa
You don't really want me to marry him, do you?
Ontario Point Du Chuan
Do you see it?
Why don't you kneel down and apologize to the leader?
If you wait any longer, you won't be able to eat this soft rice
Are you in such a hurry to take over my business?
Now my new drug media has risen
After signing the talented and beautiful woman
Directly become the dictionary of the live broadcast industry
Even if you don't report your embarrassment then
I also trampled you under my feet
Really?
How can I remember you saying that last time?
Last time
If it weren't for the leader helping you behind your back last time
What qualifications do you have to earn billions?
Signed contracts with major consortia
This time, Master Lin abandoned you
See what you rely on to turn over
What are you saying?